hey everybody happy Monday and welcome
to starting lineup the red light green
light Edition don't forget you can hit
me up on Twitter with any thoughts
questions you have coming out of the
weekend I'll get to them on Monday a few
of them are going to be addressed below
and we'll start with the first green
light green light for FC Dallas
midfielder Mauro Diaz he has been a
beast so far and everything in Dallas
runs through him something up note
though Andrew Jacobson Adam Moffatt
going down with injuries Henry Thomas
red carded in the last match that means
a depleted midfield
running behind him it shouldn't affect
him too much going forward though I say
you can buy him and feel good about it
yellow light the Houston Dynamo this is
a schedule watch they are back from a
bye week so they should be rested but
when you look at their next four games
they have three of four on the road
including long trips to Vancouver New
England and Philadelphia sandwiched in
there is the high-octane attack of FC
Dallas at home they're not going to fall
off the face of the fantasy Earth by any
means but temper your expectations for
them in the coming read red light Diego
foo goon Dez of New England Revolution
look with zero goals in the first three
games there's no need to panic for J
heaps but there could be some lineup
changes that get made because he needs
to spark something
Diego's too dynamic to leave on the
bench for too long but it's hard to rely
on him in fantasy right now to produce
at the level he did last year 3 my kago
fire defense upcoming schedules pretty
decent at DC United Philly at home at
Montreal and then New England at home
there could be a shutout or two in there
keep an eye out this week on Gonzalo
cigars because if he's out again that
means Greg Cochrane could get another
start at four point nine million dollars
loves to get up and down the left side
he could be a bargain otherwise I like
Bakari Samari at 8 million dollars he is
averaging three CBI bonus points per
week yellow line speaking of the fire
DC United opponents look until DC puts
together a solid string of games you can
bet against black keep in mind though
that their next three games are all at
home and things
could start to gel for them but don't be
fooled by the 100 score line in Toronto
as it very easily could have been
through a red light Marco Di Vaio yes
I'm excited that he's back for Montreal
and he will change the dynamic but I
don't think he's a safe bet for points
just yet in his first game back and at
10.5 million dollars that's a lot to
spend on a question mark also while he
scored four goals against the Union last
year they were all in Montreal he's over
two in games at PPL Park as far as
scoring goals I wouldn't be surprised to
see Philadelphia hold down the fort once
more in this game it's all I have for
red light green light this week check
back later in the week for more starting
lineup with myself and Andrew Wiebe and
of course send your comments and
questions to us at MLS fantasy